"Elon Musk is a piece of shit, greedy capitalist who exploits workers, and offers nothing of real benefit to the world.
 All he’s done is make a name for himself on the backs of other people, using dirty money from his family’s emerald mine they acquired during apartheid.
 I don’t care that he’s autistic. He thinks we should be cured with his company’s AI chip. 
 He is not a representation of our community. Don’t celebrate him on this page.",Toxic
The senile credit card shrill from Delaware needs to resign!!,Toxic
"He does that a lot -- makes everyone look good but him...I guess it's also probably the Dems and the Media that force him to compulsively tweet abject bullshit like a lying bitch. They're tricky, them libs.",Toxic
F*ck Lizzo,Toxic
Epstein and trump were best buds!!! Pedophiles who play together!!,Toxic
"WHY IN THE HELL
 Are we sending Biden out to a world meeting representing America??
 That diaper load doesn't represent anything regarding the support & protection of the Constitution and the citizens of our Country",Toxic
"Now we all know this is just another fantasy with hopeful thinking.... Biden is desperate to be pardoned from his sins but does he not know that the pope does not save a man only Jesus can do this!! This demented Biden has condoned the greatest atrocity of all time by allowing the murdering of innocent unborn babies. He has also left young men behind enemy lines to die with only a selfish motivations. He has also condemned innocent men, women and children to lives of poverty due to the unrelentless lies of this COVID-19 fiasco, taking livelihoods, health loss and death due to unverified and quickly released vaccines that do only harm and provide no solutions to the virus itself. This man was placed in a position to care for a nation of people and he has failed in every avenue intentionally because he has a personal agenda to single-handedly wreck this nation in order to bring on a socialist regime. He has gone against God’s people and it’s persecuting them relentlessly which eventually will perpetuate and extend out into the world. If this pope is lying to the president about the way he is handling his affairs as a president then God help that pope as well because he is a liar. ￼￼￼",Toxic
WE MANAGED TO FIND AN ASSHOLE WHO'S A BIGGER SCUMBAG THAN CUOMO!,Toxic
"After all the leftist said and did to DT, you can take your disgraceful comment and shove it up your ***",Toxic
"This is for all you Crybaby Transpo-People , NYC Police and NYC Firefighters and Cry Baby I Think I'm all that and then some Airline Pilots ( # 1 you drive a BUS --lets get that straight ) 1 Weeks of training and Any Sesna Pilot can fly a Jet --Heck Even John Travolta and Indian Jones can Fly a Jet FOR REAL they can ...with that being said "" GET Covid Vaccinated - It's the LAW "" !!!You ALL NEED to Act like Grown Adults not a premature Sissy La La - GET the VACCINE and Like it..You Voted for Biden now Reap the Whirl-Wind of your actions ..Rough Travel you say ,,I say SORRY I don't wanna Fly Covid Airlines or I'm a lil Drunk Airlines ...",Toxic
F&@k Stanton!!! 🖕🏽,Toxic
"I will not reveal my identity here but I have to state that you deserve what you are getting right now. As a younger man of age 14, 15, 16 and 17 in the 1980s, I was approached by men like you while they abused their positions of power as my employer in order to coerce me to have sex with them; when I did not relent they went so far as attempting to ram pens up my Rectum and surround me in semi-public areas and Gang-like atmosphere. Furthermore, I was approached by Gay Men/Pedophiles to make Gay/Pedophile Porn while still age 14, 15, 16 and 17. I am glad that you, Weinstein and the rest of you pieces of SHIT are being revealed for who you really are - this is the Hollywood of today. While it took me 20 to 35 years to reveal these facts, I am glad that I can share this with the General Public; I am relieved. People like you deserve to be castrated in Public...",Toxic
you make me want to SMDH and ask your mother why she didn’t swallow,Toxic
Building back better right Joey s#|t the pants?? 😂😂🤡,Toxic
He is definitely a maggot...,Toxic
"i love how he triggers these bitter and uninformed magats...even just the mention of his name. 😂💖🥳🥂~ these same people brushed off - justified - rationalized - minimized - ignored every crass, vulgar, immature, out-right lie that trump ever uttered.",Toxic
This man wants to do the same thing with humans as he’s doing to dogs torturing them get it through your fucking thick skulls America they’re liars don’t listen to them if you’re sick go talk to your doctor & listen to your body work out a couple times a week and eat more fiber and take your vitamins. ((do not to these politicians)) They want what’s best for them not us!!!,Toxic
"#Trumptards thugs getting maced and now yelling defund the police...
 No matter the douchebag Senators and House Reps that object, BIDEN WILL STILL BE PRESIDENT...
 Senate MINORITY Leader #BitchyMitchy Is somewhere crying in his car on his way in...
 And Georgia is now PURPLE my baby 🙌🏽💜🙌🏽
 Today is already a good day, a whole lotta reaping what you cowards sowed is showing out today ✊🏽😂👏🏽",Toxic
"nope that is n will always be the DUMP. There has never ever been a bigger lying, cheating, sneaking, thieving POS in that office.",Toxic
Only the devil thrives on death….. his finest son is trump…hitler was #1,Toxic
LOCK THE CUNT UP AND HIS CHILDREN AND DEPORT THE WIFE FOR LYING,Toxic
I don’t want ur attention u dim fuck I want ur credit card and car keys,Toxic
"Yep those Trumptards, sure wish they had a union now to fight the vaccination legal battle, dumbassess???",Toxic
Really is hard to breathe in hell where your low life drug addicted criminal ass belongs.,Toxic
I was going to go as a Democrat but I couldn’t get my head up my ass.,Toxic
And get off my dick with that Christian shit. Jesus didn’t judge so why the fuck do you?,Toxic
"12511. ""Why are WSACC students so fucking annoying and fake when it comes to class participation? FFS, stop asking so many obvious, redundant yet well-crafted questions during online class that interrupts the flow of the class.
 Chillax man, PCT is just 6%. There is no need to act like a slut for it that brings annoyance and disgust to many other students. Because of your selfish and greedy whore-like attitude, the lecturer have to repeatedly waste time to answer something you understood already for the sake of your own PCT.""",Toxic
WHO REALLY FUCKING CARES? Melania is bought and paid for. That entire family consists of such horrible human beings that they give the rest of us hope - no matter how fucked up and dysfunctional our families are and have been....there's hope for us!,Toxic
YUP! It runs in the Libturd Dumocratic circles.,Toxic
"Not sure if this has been said before but I'm gonna start calling Mitch McConnell Bitchy Mitchy. #FuckMitchMcConnell
 #BitchyMitchy",Toxic
It’s Orange Fucktard time.,Toxic
"how about 'fuck off, diane'?
 if bad words offend you, unfriend me, and unsubscribe from my list.
 if u want the context of this message, this was about an emotional fb live i did last week. this 'adult' got so triggered she felt the need to reach out to me and change how i speak.
 anyone that feels the need to tell you how to live your life needs to drink a tall glass of STFU.",Toxic
"So if you #TRUMPTARDS are in agreement as to what's happening at Capitol Hill, your more delusional than I ever thought. V.P. Pence, Invoke the 25th ammendment...... #TrumpMUSTGO!!!",Toxic
And you are proud of dementia Joe that can't even finish a sentence and is ruining our country? You're a special kind of stupid.,Toxic
#memes #lightfoot #libtard #democrap #snowflake #erection #picture,Toxic
Here are some of the best Memes we’ve seen regarding Alec Baldwin‘s hypocrisy. While we feel sorry for the family of the woman killed Karma is a bitch you liberal elite assholes and you get to live with the fact that you did not practice basic gun safety that my 9 year old knows and understands nor did anyone on your liberal ran movie set. #BoycottHollywood￼,Toxic
Chris you trailer hitch PU$$Y,Toxic
"#Trumptards wanna spread the word of their ""great"" lard and savior, Donald Trump, to ""WAKE UP"" the people. 
",Toxic
That’s right throw in the racist card you dipshit.,Toxic
"“You Trumpsters better pray that liberals never gain control of the WH again because we are going to pay you back so fucking hard for all of this shit. Planned Parenthoods on every damn corner. We're going to repaint Air Force One, pussy hat pink and fly it over your beloved Bible Belt 6 days a week, tossing birth control pills, condoms & atheist literature from the cockpit. We're going to tax your mega churches so bad Joel Olsteen will need to get a job at Chik Fil A to pay his light bill. Speaking of Chik Fil A, we're buying all those and giving them to any LGBTQ person your sick cult leaders tortured with conversion therapy. Have fun with the new menu you bigoted fucks. Try the McPence. It's a boiled unseasoned chicken breast that you have to eat in the closet with your mother. We’re going to gather up ALL of your guns, melt them down and turn them into a gargantuan metal mountain emblazoned with the face of Hillary Clinton. ALL parks will be renamed Rosa Parks asap. We're replacing Confederate statues with BLM Leaders & Mexican immigrants. Every single public school will be renamed after a child that was kidnapped by this regime. And after we fumigate the WH, we're repainting the whole thing rainbow. Fox News will be taken over and turned into a family refugee shelter. We're turning Hannity's office into a giant unisex bathroom with changing tables & free tampons. And every single time a Trumpster complains about any of the changes, we're adding an openly gay character to a Disney movie.""",Toxic
"Keep advocating for infanticide, Thparacuth. May you roast in hell with the rest of the baby murderers.",Toxic
Trumptards are so stupid they cannot do simple math!!,Toxic
Not a whole lot of social distancing going on in this picture you hypocritical douche,Toxic
Meme of Wheel of Fortune puzzle F*CK JOE B*DEN,Toxic
"THE TRIGGERED LEFTIES ARE ALL PULLING OUT ALL STOPS!
 MORE #CancelCulture TACTICS FROM THE MARXISTS
 A report by Senate Democrats targeted Pa. Republicans Scott Perry, Doug Mastriano for aiding Trump’s attempts to overturn the 2020 election",Toxic
Aren’t traitors supposed to be executed ? Get on with it !!,Toxic
Fuck your opinion….,Toxic
"Yep, we know what to do. That means vote for Youngkin. Anyone you endorse is a trainwreck. McAuliffe thinks parents do not have the right to tell schools what to teach our children. We see what is happening in our schools. We see what is happening in our county since you took over. Everything has gone to hell and hand basket. I'll take any resemblance of Trump back until we can get him back. Go Brandon !!",Toxic
Assholes that scream out of car windows just to scare a pedestrian can GTFO. Get a job or something,Toxic
"WHAT A BUNCH OF JACKASSES....
 😎😎😎😎😎😎😎",Toxic
"Just a very sick sick dumorat. Head is so far up her ass she will never see daylight. Along with the rest of that very very sick sick bunch of dumorats.I was going to block, But these post are so so funny I just can`t do it. Just shows there sickness.",Toxic
Al Sharpton is nothing but a race baiting hate monger. He should be arrested for terrorism and thown into GITMO. His actions have already killed numorous Americans. Nothing but a terrorist poverty pimp.,Toxic
My block list is so full of #Trumptards that I should just turn it over to the #FBI 🤔,Toxic
All the bimbos and other nut cases should be locked up in the ICU with the ones that are dying. They would be screaming for mercy. It’s a horrible death,Toxic
"Democrats and progressives extremely racist, ignorant and well some plain evil .
 Obsessed
 Absolutely obsessed with race!
 They will see exactly where there nonsensical race dividing will get them
 On Tuesday in Virginia
 Next year during mid terms
 Go ahead keep pushing it
 I’ve never seem more ignorant politicians
 They are losing a majority of voters yet they double down
 Keep following Brandon!😂😂
 The Republicans must love this administration and the insane progressives
 They will be in power after 2022 for a long time",Toxic
He keeps slapping the face of the Americans in this country and the leftist communists and adoring media keep holding him up as a savior. It is pathetic. LET'S GO BRANDON!!,Toxic
Yet more proof of exactly what a piece of chit human being / pig this guy really is . . .,Toxic
THESE TRAITOROUS FUCKWADS NEED TO BE TAKEN OUT!,Toxic
That incompetent clown has been bussing covid positive illegals all over our country for the last 10 months and blaming outbreaks on Americans,Toxic
"The word Rich is widened in shape on her gown means her ass is big while AOC's tits are poorly small. So AOC cleverly tells the gap between the rich and the poor is widening and deepening. But how deep and wide is her gap? Is it same as her mouth size? The photo did not tell. In Chinese old saying: mouth size is same as gap size. That said means if she doesn't have a big mouth, the gap between rich and poor is not that big. And If Tax the Rich can help America, then Shag the Bitch can save America. So Tax the Rich; Shag the Bitch.",Toxic
libtard at its finest.,Toxic
MAYBE YOUR LIBFUK CORPORATE ASS SHOULD HAVE THOUGHT ABOUT THAT BEFORE YOU HELPED THE DEMOCRAPS STEAL THE 2020 ELECTION!,Toxic
Kourtney is more used up then the Duggar’s condom use,Toxic
"Fuck political correctness. Enough is enough. You don't like the station, change the fucking channel!",Toxic
"Don't get vaccinated, get sick and die. I have run out of sympathy for you",Toxic
"no such thing as transgender, it's a boy in a dress",Toxic
** Scumbag alert **,Toxic
"We got a nation of liberal BOY Drones who will change Corporate America…….Hey liberal Idiot you let Doomberg tell you what to eat……You let a man tell you if you can or cannot own a gun……..How will you change Corporate America BOY…….You voted for higher taxes, which mean more and more police…….So tell me BOY…….How will you change America……You cant because you are a spoon fed Drone……You are not a MAN like me………Take a good look BOY at what a MAN is suppose to be…….Because when you only do what some idiot like Doomberg tells you, then you are not a MAN…..You are a BOY.",Toxic
Make sure you understand what President Dickhead is doing to your families and your future families. Joe Biden you’re a scum bag with a dirty diaper.,Toxic
"Trumptards are a lost case ...they're as brainwashed as the mask wearing sheep...all parties are freemason controlled. 
 If they're freemasons ...they're in on it and all need to vanish.",Toxic
"That's what a rapist pedifile does, she should have kicked his nuts",Toxic
Right. All of them did the same thing but a Thousand times worse than any conservatives have done. I mean the democrat party act just like a bunch of thugs that are really 🤡.,Toxic
"To..
 Biden\Hitler and administration...
 GTFO OF OUR WHITE HOUSE..P.O.S MTHR FCKRS..",Toxic
"Anyone who supports Biden is no better than Hitler’s followers!
 #BidenHitler",Toxic
"Nitwit Biden and AOC, dumb and dummer, are trying to give $450,000 of our taxdollars to each and every illegal immigrant. If they pass this through, it will destroy America as we know it. The world Economic Forum , which is One World Government has this slogan on their website , Build Back Better. Wake up America!!! End time Bible prophecy is here. The New World Order can’t take over until they destroy America. The Clintons, Obama’s, the Bush family, Pelosi, George Soros, Bill Gates, Nitwit Biden, the Pope, all are members of the Illuminati and the One World Government. Have you noticed that many stores have signs up that there is a coin shortage? Destroying our dollar and economy, destroying our military, and taking our guns and closing CHRISTIAN churches, is how they accomplish this horrible plan. The end times will have one world religion, one world government, one world currency, taking over all our rights and we will be ruled by the communist elites. Socialism is a lie. Look at Venezuela. Socialism is the stepping stone to Communism. Please pray and vote and fight the good fight of faith. Take our country back. Jesus is coming soon for his church. Don’t be left behind. Those continually Living in sin won’t enter heaven and if the church you attend teaches a greasy gospel of sin permission grace. Run for you life! The Bible is very plain, it’s not just believing in Jesus. The demons believe and they tremble. Accepting Jesus is not just a saying a prayer. It’s a lifestyle change. Jesus said those who love me Obey me, and keep my commandments . Yes, there is grace and mercy for all that truly repent, which means to stop continually sinning and live for Jesus. Knowing and obeying the truth sets you free!",Toxic
"The Fucktard-in-Chief is fighting both the left and the right.
 For malignant narcissists, it's always EVERYBODY ELSE'S fault, never their own.
 The national gaslighting tour rolls on...
 PS: when he talks about changing the libel laws, he's talking about amending the 1st Fucking Amendment.",Toxic
Why is this POS liberal socialist communist democrat still in charge of the USA ???? Someone needs to step up and arrest him and all of his Administration.,Toxic
Just another money making fund raiser for the Libtard thieves...,Toxic
Did I say “Fuck The Little Commie Girlie Antifa Bitches” yet?,Toxic
President poopy pants #fjb,Toxic
Read up on this one folks and you’ll never bank with Bank of America again. I just cancelled all my accounts with them. They have lost their minds and they are absolutely racist a-holes against white people￼. Critical race theory is probably the most racist thing ever since it’s completely based on the color of people’s skin and has nothing to do with their character.￼,Toxic
"Especially Today's Politicians
 #traderjoe #delouse #fuckliberals
 #wethepewple
 #iwillnotcomply #defiant #fafo
 #hardinasoftworld
 #hellandback #irrepressible
 #shepherdoffire ⌖
 #america #freedom 
 #2A #shallnotbeinfringed
 #noquarter #nosurrender
 #molonlabe #letfreedomring #keepthepowderdry
 #patriot #veteran #warrior",Toxic
"""WHERE'S YOUR MASKS, YOU LIBFUK CUNTS?"" THE BITCH WHO CRIED TRUMP'S VICTORY OVER HER IN 2016 WAS ""ILLEGITIMATE"", CLAIMS WE WHO KNOW THE 2020 ELECTION WAS STOLEN ARE ""THE PROBLEM""!",Toxic
JR you deserve to be in HELL or Prison !!!! YOU are a product of your Father as he is!!! NOW you are raising your children to HATE !!! Where and when does it STOP ?? GROW UP and become a better person,Toxic
"All of the Trumptards are talking their sh%t that our prez can't walk without falling or tripping as compared to their cult leader. Obviously they haven't seen enough of Joe in action...😒
 I mean, WHO is the one who needs assistance?? And it's sure as hell NOT Biden. HE'S the one who jogs every morning with the Secret Service.🏃‍♂️🤣🏃 And what does does Don The Con do for ""exercise""? ⛳",Toxic
Nailed it....unless you are are a Libtard or Liberal Elite that never misses a chance to turn everything into racism.,Toxic
"I have nothing to hide
 Fuck Joe Biden!",Toxic
Democrats are terrorists,Toxic
You a fuckboy. You ain't even that cute.,Toxic
"Yeah political correctness and tyrannical censorship hasn't gotten out of control has it.....
 Fuck Zuckerberg and fuck Facebook",Toxic
The morality police are after me. Fuck em. Fuck em with this dick.,Toxic
Its Fucktarded not to call a fucktard a fucktard,Toxic
"I truly believe he hits Hunters pipe before he goes public. It's disrespectful to Dementia patients that truly suffer with this disease. He was never worthy and should be impeached on the laws he has broken in the name of America. Now the fool is spewing lies in Italy and Scotland. I want to see his reception to there Countries.
 Doubtful anyone but fake news want report. F U Biden!",Toxic
"This should NOT be about a white raising a black or a black raising a white. It should be about gender confusion, ungodlyness, twisted principles, perverse abuse and a UNNWO that is pushed down our children's throats by monsters such as these hollywood clan and many others. This is not God!",Toxic
FJB ! and F**K democRATS ! The ILLEGITIMATE CORRUPT CLOWN BUMBLING biden and his clown squad administration are a JOKE ! A TOTAL DISASTER !,Toxic
"How bout plain old Stupid Fuck
 Are the stupid folks smart enough to be offended ?..chicken or the egg question I know",Toxic
Demon Rats hate freedom !!!,Toxic
"If you squint, it looks like a fat guy bending over showing his Trump anus.
 Republicans are totally fucking nuts.",Toxic
Allen west is a war criminal and Obama killing 13 year old boys for being 13 is ok. I am a Lib and have an IQ of 2.,Toxic
More libturd lunacy!,Toxic
"IS IT LEGAL FOR THESE LIBCUNTS TO SPEND CAMPAIGN MONEY FOR PRIVATE SECURITY? DOESN'T SOUND RIGHT TO ME..........NEED A FUCKING HOUSE INVESTIGATION, NANCY!",Toxic
Prosecute trump he is unstable with a full diaper🤡💩💦👶🤮👶💦💩🤡🤑😈🤑🤡💩🤡,Toxic
Yep….the Commie bastards wouldn’t know the Constitution if it hit them upside the head.,Toxic
LET'S GO BRANDON POOPY-PANTS!,Toxic
"""How to correctly hit a #woman"" #feminism #islam #terrorist",Toxic
Fantastic! Get rid of these bums. Half of these antivaxxers plotted to overthrow the government per the QAnon Russian planted propaganda they believe. They don’t deserve a job cleaning toilets for a private company let alone living on decent Americans’ tax dollars. Fire them all.,Toxic
Like John Durham accidentally caused internet researchers to reveal that the trump-Alfa Bank communications were NOT a hoax? Are all right-wingers total dumba$$es?,Toxic
"These imbeciles at FUX news are so disgusting, idiotic and dangerous spreading untruths and now how many deaths, over 650,000? Worthless pukes they are 🧐🤬☠️☠️.",Toxic
And what is worse is all the mindless idiots that follow these Liberal Elite Assholes and look up to them. You know who you are….￼and you are pathetic.,Toxic
"Bcuz Dem MFkn hoes are hypocritical. She wants someone to want her FAT ass but, she exercises her options on who she wants",Toxic
#fairelections #fuckjoebiden #fuckzuckerberg #freespeech #loveusa #saveamerica #maga,Toxic
"You wear a mask for ONE picture but yet you’ve been out on the town without one getting your haircut while sending people to DIE in nursing homes while your mommy is safe and catered to. BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS! You’re not a Governor, you’re a CAREER CRIMINAL",Toxic
Dump Dumb Lying Rump Repuklicans Religions Deplorables Despicables Trash Ignorance Policies Agendas Are Killing Americans And America 👺🥵🐖🐑🐀🐘🦠☠️🎭🐀🥵🐖🎭🐘💩,Toxic
Aoc is scum what a dummy,Toxic
"Imagine being such a piece of shit that your ""Nightmare Scenario"" is other people being able to afford to buy houses.",Toxic
I thought that was slow joes net zero IQ! Was going to say that occurred years ago!! FJB!,Toxic
TRUMP MURDER LIAR PEOPLE DIE,Toxic
"#Trumptards How can 74 million Amerikkklans vote for a sick maniac, White Supremacist,antisemite,
 XENOPHOBE,HOMOPHOBE,
 child rapist,sexual predator,misogynist,sex offender,pedophile,
 demagogue,wannabe dicktator,domestic terrorist,Russian asset,traitor,malignant narcissist,sociopath,psycho,
 con man,grifter,freeloader,6 times bankruptcies filed,INSURRECTIONIST, genocidal murderer,tax evader,
 5 time bogus bone spurs draft dodger, pathological liar and stone cold criminal!",Toxic
Same thing we see when we look at your dementia ridden geezer who's destroying this country along with his unbelievably stupid sidekick,Toxic
#fjb #fkh You traitors will be hauled out of office soon. #BeijingBidenCheated #HeelsUp #Treason #Sedition #RICO McAuliffe is almost hated as much as you and her Heinous. BTW this is the criminal that passed the bribe to McCabe WHILE he was supposed to…,Toxic
"RANT: Listen, you fucking Trumpsters with brain damage (and short-term memory loss, apparently), Trump literally campaigned on getting us out of Afghanistan, he had four years to issue visas to friendlies (but didn’t do it), he personally cut a withdrawal deal with the Taliban and bragged about it for months, it’s one of the few Trump policies that Biden left in place and followed through on, and now you’re pissed that Biden is pulling us out of Afghanistan?
 Jeezus fucking christ, I can’t.
 We’re leaving Afghanistan. It’s the right move. It’s messy. It was a 20-year failure. Glad we have a president with the courage to finally get us out.
 It’s also nice to have a president capable of showing empathy. This isn’t weakness, it’s emotional maturity. Glad we have an adult in charge.",Toxic
You can use your money to get away with all you want but not to hurt our children anymore. WE ALL KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE DONE YOUR A SICK MFR.,Toxic
This b**** is the racist,Toxic
Hey Kevin. Don't rape any kids on the way to the Q&A.,Toxic
They should Impeach Joe Biden Now and I hope He star's in Alec Baldwin's next Western Movie!,Toxic
Biden and his Liberal Elite a-hole buddies are showing us what it is to live in a Socialist Country with out of control inflation due to Government spending devaluing our dollar.,Toxic
"And what do we have here? A whining midget troll of a repuke who keeps stomping his tiny feet and screaming like a little girl, hoping that will change the fact that the bus is gone and has left him behind... BOI. LMAO!",Toxic
"I guess yall ""patriots"" (punks) didn't show up and show out! 🤣🤣🤣 That riot hit different when federal charges and armed guards are around.. 🤣🤣🤣 Just like we all thought!!
 #Cowards#
 #trumptards# 💩🤡👹",Toxic
LET’S GO BRANDON 🇺🇸,Toxic
"WHEN DIMENTIATED DEMOCRAPS ARE RUNNING THE SHOW, SCUMFUKS LIKE ""ELGORE"" THINK IT'S SAFE TO SHOW THEMSELVES AND PEDDLE THEIR BULLSHIT!",Toxic
TRUMP IS EVIL AND HIS SUPPORTERS ARE DEMONS,Toxic
#libtard,Toxic
"RACIST , EVIL INHUMAN POST ! WHERE ARE THE QUEENS BANNING THIS SHITE ?",Toxic
"LETS GO BRANDON
 FJB",Toxic
#trumptards asking me if I am okay. stop. I am expressing my first amendment right to call you a #covididiot,Toxic
ANOTHER GOOD REASON NOT TO DO BUSINESS WITH THESE WOKE FUCKWADS!,Toxic
You're a piece of crap #bitchymitchy,Toxic
Let's just get rid of the republican terrorist party. If theybhate America so much why not leave. Republican are a better fit for Russia anyways.,Toxic
Hard to below but this idiot believes this bs the Liberal Elite is trying to feed America and so do some Liberal Idiots that keep commenting on our posts. Hey Libtard lady Keep reading as you may finally see the light so we won’t block you but we will delete your dumb ass comments nobody cares about.,Toxic
"Fuck the NBA, NFL and MLB. They absolutely hate the fans that pay their salaries. Wake up America.",Toxic
Just goes to show you how thoroughly our Nazi Style Media has disassembled Snowden. He went from whistle blower to traitor nearly overnight. A little propaganda and a few trolls on the social networks and there you go. You have exactly what Obama wants him to be..at this point Obama could have Snowden assassinated and many Americans would simply turn and blind eye...,Toxic
Don't you know apparently only black lives matter now it's so f****** twisted 🖕that,Toxic
Nobody is waiting for Yanks land to do whatever. You people sucks at everything.....just concentrate on what you people do best.....invading and killing people,Toxic
"Damn Dems!
 
 #fuckdems #trump #fuckliberals #america #news #fucksocialism #fuckfeminism #fuckfeminists #donaldtrump #benshaprio #tedcruz #progun #americanpride #american #americapride #foxnews #fucktheleft #prolife #cnn #memes #politics #politicalmemes #msnbc #feminist #lgbt #fuckgays #hellyeah #fuckhilary #fuckpeta",Toxic
"He wrecked a casino, for crying out loud. Everything Trump touches turns to poo.
 Except neo-Nazis and so-called Evangelicals.
 #TheFecalTouch",Toxic
Must have been a pedophile convention,Toxic
What a stupid bitch AOC is! Go Candace,Toxic
"Well you want woke entitled sh*thead...here ya go mom and dad!!! This is your kid and this is their mentality when you give them what ever they want whenever ever they want it! Learn to say no, learn to discipline, learn to raise respectful kids!!",Toxic
"Haha Joe ,What say you now ? Start packing , if you last another 3 + Years the Earth as we know it now will be gone FOREVER,ETERNALLY , CEASE TO EXIST AND BLOWN AWAY BY YOU LOSER THAT YOU MOST CERTRAINLY ARE IN MORE WAYS THAN ONE !!! #TRUMPWON",Toxic
Pedo Joe is a lying cheating Racist Piece of Dung!!!,Toxic
"Once again folks, this is all a charade. I only pray Allen West is honest but Congress is a circular firing squad because nobody and I mean nobody is above being weeded out and blackmailed for past slimy deeds. Sooooo…Congress pretends to get angry at one another and threaten and bark with indignation, yet nothing. Nada. Zilch folks, because they are all complicit! There will be no Contempt of Congress brought forward against the I.R.S.. There will be no firing or arrest of Eric Holder. Obama is still slicker than Teflon® because he is not our President. Other people run the country. Think Valerie Jarrett (monster Muslim), Bilderberg. The U.N., Massive corporations that Teddy Roosevelt got rid of way back in the day yet, they came to life again like the “creepin’ crud.” And of course Wall Street and the World Banks. In essence ladies and gentlemen we are Royally Gacked which means the inevitable will happen as T. Jefferson said. We will reset this mess with a full blown, good ole’ fashioned 21st Century Civil War. Or of course we can all go sit in a FEMA camp whining about the food and missing The Facebook. We suck and blow if we let Congress drag this garbage out even one more day! Can you tell I’m ticked yet?
 By the way, anything less than arresting and prosecuting Obama will not work. Impeachment will die in the Marxist controlled Senate. Recall Bill Clinton? Wrist slap and a pat on the back!!!
 Graphitorically speaking…",Toxic
pfffffft. Pedophile Froot Loop.,Toxic
You are a Pu**y.,Toxic
Awe did the mean tweets hurt you? Now we have this senile old rotting bag of bones who attacks our own American people and mocks freedom. Good call 👍,Toxic
"Joe Biden FORGETS HE HAS A FULL DIAPER AND…
 Joe Biden said he would be a president who under-promised and over-delivered.
 Bullshite. 
 The nearly 90 year old man over-promised and under-delivered 
 The Biden White House is failing in a very public way to nail down a nearly $3 trillion domestic package that the forgetful “president” has framed as a historic investment in infrastructure and social spending, the moment is clouded by a sense among many democrats that the scaled back package falls far short of the lofty expectations set by the president himself.",Toxic
damn pedophile,Toxic
"Trump's Cult Of Suckers & Losers
 #RepublicansAreTheProblem #TraitorTrump #TRE45ON #RightWingCult #NotMyPresident #Illegitimate #Treason #Trump #GOP #TeaParty #Republicans #BLM #Covid19 #GeorgeFloyd #BlackLivesMatter #Biden2020 #BidenHarris2020 #Truth #JacobBlake #FlimFlamFool",Toxic
Yeah but he's a libtard so you'll all ignore it and listen to all his expert medical advise.,Toxic
The fucktard speaketh...,Toxic
"WHAT THE ""ASSHOLE"" KINZINGER DOESN'T UNDERSTAND IS: IT'S NOT TRUMP WHO'S CLEANING HOUSE....IT'S ""WE THE PEOPLE"" WHO ARE FLUSHING HIS TYPE DOWN THE TOILET!",Toxic
That's already happening because of Biden you dum shits,Toxic
YOUR the moron!! Anyone that’s supporting Communism is exactly that!! Your scary sh…🤬You need to move to China! 😩,Toxic
Liberalism is not a cult you twat. Those 5 characteristics that you mention fit the Tea Party right to a TEE....,Toxic
Will Biden keep any of his promises or will he come up empty handed just like his Butt Buddy Obama?,Toxic
"its a jooish creation from the Frankfurt school, a great man sent them fleeing, now they've taken over US curriculum since the 50s. Joos hate the Western European, they feel they get rid of the Whiteman the rest will fall in line.",Toxic
100% on you Joe and the mindless libtards that voted your senile ass into office.,Toxic
"Christians and their agenda are killing the Republican Party. Every time I look at my tax obligations, or see an illegal getting public assistance, I don't blame the dems. I blame you, and people that share your views. The GOP will never get any real power back if it insists on bringing followers of midieval mythology to the political table. Its almost as if you are a liberal, posting to stoke and fertilize hatred of the Republican party. I take solice in the knowledge that your kind will be dead soon enough, and hopefully the country won't have turned into a socialist latino cess pool by then. Only then can true patriots, that care about their country and not mythology, correct the damage done by the ignorant and lazy masses.",Toxic
"Seriously, why is she still in office! I bet she has a private security protecting her that the tax payers are paying fur! Two faced SOB!",Toxic
Your son resigned in shame and embarrassment. May he rot in hell for all the elderly he shoved in Death homes.,Toxic
I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE. FAUCI IS WORSE THAN THE NAZIS and you people Trust him.,Toxic
"Apparently, we are now supposed to kindly help these people in a sympathetic way. Soon, perhaps.
 I'm not quite done telling them what fucking gullible brainwashed idiots they obviously are yet.",Toxic
"Congratulations. You have single handedly cast all Americans out, ruined their careers, financial status, and healthcare and you have ruined so many lives of future Americans. it would take more than 20 years to undo what you have done. You sir should be exiled out of America and all your sitting democrats!",Toxic
Man is this even a discussion? Don’t no body care that lizzo fat she look disgusting and ion care what nobody say,Toxic
"Only in the moronic cult of trumptards. The unscrupulous T-idiot won't give a f*ck about his followers, yet they adore him. 😆",Toxic
"straight and proud?? proud of what?? that you were bullied in school for your sexual orientation? that you were discriminated against for being straight? that you couldn’t visit your loved one in the hospital cause they were the opposite sex?? That you rose up against a hostile world that judged you for the way you were born? 
 WHAT THE FUCK HOW STUPID CAN YOU BE?",Toxic
Would be nice if all the parents of the protesters believed in abortion at least they didn't get aborted hope all stupid liberals obort there kids then the problem will fix itself,Toxic
Pussy ass hoes could never *Woahh Vicky voice* since she’s in the spotlight today,Toxic
these wannabe fascists really are just fucking insane aren't they lol,Toxic
"I call ""it"" SHITHEAD....does not deserve ""him"" lowlifescumbag!!!!",Toxic
"nobody threw President Trump anywhere, the dems cheated. We've only been screaming this since Nov 2019 and we won't stop until he is in his elected seat by We The People!!!
 FJB
 LET'S GO BRANDON!!",Toxic
"What a load of garbage! Cuomo is an incompetent Governor and lacks the ability to run a state like NY! Talk is cheap buddy but actions and leadership that takes intellectual ability, something you are clearly lacking! People will never forget YOU and YOU alone sent thousands of elderly folks back to nursing homes to die!You had the Comfort ship and Javitt Center that YOU FAILED to utilize!",Toxic
fucking slut,Toxic
POS!,Toxic
if imbecile biden gets in it will not take long for the country to enter phase one of shitholehood,Toxic
You are a traitor $loppy jOe!!!! Your ugly face is the face of sleaze and tyranny! You are going down you worthless parasite SOB!!!!!!!!!!!!,Toxic
"When the Trumptards, roll up there sleeves and take there horses' and cows' medicines, because God knows Veterans sounds kind of close to Veterinarians??? After all you have to support the troops but not the vegetarians, that do not eat meat, God Damit???",Toxic
"Obama Articles of Impeachment: IRS targeting citizens and citizens groups, Fast and Furious, Outing of Seal Team 6, Benghazi, I.D., Eligibility, Social Security, Passport, Immigration Fraud, other high crimes and misdemeanors .
  BLAME OBAMA! IMPEACH OBAMA! REMOVE OBAMA! CRIMINALLY PROSECUTE OBAMA! IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH!",Toxic
They don’t call him Sleepy Joe for nothing! Let’s go Brandon!,Toxic
Looking for something to do with the family this weekend? Disney in Florida is hosting SODOMY DAYS (aka Gay Days) this weekend. Bring the kids!lol,Toxic
"If ur a piece of shit to ppl I will lure u in and fuck u up and yes I’m good at it. Cheers! I’m no saint but fuck I at least still try lol
 I said this cuz watched asshole celebrities being shit to interviewers and I was like damn what happened to the 60’s love culture lol cuz ppl be brutal these days!!",Toxic
"Good grief! The inflation you're creating is going to stop everything in its tracks! We're not that stupid Lying Joe! #FJB, LET'S GO BRANDON!",Toxic
"Next, those crazy Q-Trumptards will tell you it’s ok to eat horse food.",Toxic
"Moooslims anti-American arab islamic muslim contempt for the Law of the Land in America- the US Constitution, is shared and supported by Obama, for Obama also believes he is above the Law, for he believe's he is the law.",Toxic
Foff fauci kids do not need to take a vaccine..YOU DON'T OWN US FOFF,Toxic
"""Jon Mills, a Cummins representative, confirmed to Business Insider that the company, which employs some 62,610 people globally, would reduce its global workforce by about 2,000 by the first quarter of 2020.
 It's not clear which Cummins locations or departments will be affected by the layoffs.""
 As we communicated to our employees last week, demand has deteriorated even faster than expected, and we need to adjust to reduce costs,"" Mills said in an emailed statement.""
 You stupid fucking trumpsters done winning yet",Toxic
Libtard math is similar to libtard logic.🤣😂,Toxic
WHO GIVES A FUCK....THESE SHITHEADS NEED TO BE TORTURED!,Toxic
"WE WILL ""GET THE ATTENTION"" OF YOUR FELLOW LIBFUK DEMOCRAPS WHEN WE TAKE YOU OUT SCHIFF, YOU BUG-EYED PEDOPHILE!",Toxic
That's is why u aren't president any more Dumb as rocks.SDSTFU,Toxic
Say what u will envious hateful small dicked fuckwads,Toxic
Lying sob. White tribalist barbarism is what trumpty dumpty represents,Toxic
GFY trump. Your a loser. Good bye to you and your minions.,Toxic
PEDOPHILE ! Hollywood BITCH,Toxic
"SHOVE THAT ""META-VERSE"" UP YOUR ASS, YOU TRANSHUMANIST PIECE OF SHIT! ZUCKERBURG'S PLAN TO REPLACE HIS PENCILDICK WITH A ""VIRTUAL"" DICK EXPOSED!",Toxic
"#TFGloser‼️ #LoserTrump.
 #TrumpLiedPeopleDied‼️
 #TrumpVirus.",Toxic
"Me rollin out them ""GOOD"" jokes only to find a #libtard in the crowd! #rodeoclownshit #itwasfunnyfuker",Toxic
Tell this to closeted straight boys who bend over for u then affirm their love for pussy.,Toxic
"Shaun King or,
 Chalka Con
 Mos Theft
 Shaun Connery
 Harry BelaFundMe
 Scammy Davis
 W.E.B. DeFraud
 Alexander Scamilton
 Medgar Nevers
 Louis Fraud-a-con
 Thurgood Marshmallow
 Bet He White
 Alabaster Scamilton
 How it started…. Where it’s at…..",Toxic
I hope lil nas x dies faggot.,Toxic
☭ WHY DO #LIBERALS HATE #AMERICA? ☹ WHY DOES A #LIBERAL WORSHIP #COMMUNISM? ☭ #LIBERALISM is a Severe Disease and Mental Illness – Find a Cure - #Democrats #LiberalLogic #Leftists #LibTard #LiberalHypocrisy #JoeBiden - q-7391,Toxic
Lies u fuck with people heads get the fuck out of he bitch,Toxic
Shut the absolute fuck up you stupid ass goddamn moron,Toxic
blacks work?yeah right,Toxic
Can’t wait to see you dressed in an orange jumpsuit,Toxic
Fu stupidity,Toxic
FUCK YOU. FELADAPUTAS SA\FADOS. BANDIDOS RETRÓGRADOS. VTNC BANDO DE TRUMPISTAS VAGABUNDOS.,Toxic
What Presidential speech??? Does he not realize he’s no longer the President? 🤣 And he’s still taking peoples money! Idiots supporting a con man! #Trumptards,Toxic
Lmao This title fits perfectly with this fucken pedophile. Kevin spacey is nothing more than a walking hard on for little kids. Just like many other actors and artists fame finds a way of covering up their evil side. Cant wait till the truth comes out about this sick fuck.,Toxic
Gays: fucking without spirituality is as hollow as an ass without dick.,Toxic
"Great picture Joe, are you going to sexual abuse someone from that room?",Toxic
lock him up and castorate him,Toxic
Just ignore these constant attention seekers!!!pathetic and desperate!!!indulgent and entitled!!!fake and phoney!!!,Toxic
"Trumptards, If you had nothing against Trump abandoning our Kurdish allies to the mercy of Erdogan & Assad, then shut your hypocrite pie holes with your FAKE concern for the Afghan people & blaming Biden for carrying out Trump's withdrawal plan.",Toxic
"We should just call the current GOP what it really is ,,, The KKK. But I'm not sure how that is spelled in Russian.",Toxic
"sometimes, lib commie democrats cannot help themselves, they allways seem to want to prove just how stupid they really are!",Toxic
"Don't wanna take a ""poison"" vaccine created after a decade of research but by God gimme these deworming pills. #idiots #trumptards #antivaxxmorons",Toxic
Die already so we can get the nation moving!!,Toxic
Jermaine these are the posts that have me in jail…. SMH I hate Sam White. I hate his mom for having him.,Toxic
"Biden lies, no doubt. But he's also demented, also no doubt. (I doubt he was ever alone with Francis; and it must have been an interesting experience for Francis, if he was.) So, on at least two counts, we cannot readily give credence to his rendition of Francis's words to him. (And notice how, in the clip, he answered the question with the tone and cadences of an elementary schooler.)",Toxic
"Why you ain't sign your fuckin' name, cupcake?!
 Don't play like you gonna do shit other than cry; step the fuck up and get fucked up
 Or sit the fuck down like you do when you pee
 Bitch",Toxic
and fuck you if u don’t like this,Toxic
He is like Trump the scum of humanity!,Toxic
"Your an absolute idiot that has done nothing in almost a year. All that you do is cackle about everything. You and Joe will burn.
 Vote for Glen Youngkin",Toxic
"I WILL KEEEL YOU.
 bruh worry about that heart attack you working on first of all, Hamburgaler",Toxic
"Liberals are nothing but hypocrites and wolves in sheep's clothing! They claim to be open-minded and accepting of others, but go ape-shit crazy when you politely disagree with them! They must be stopped!!!! #fuckliberals #fuckcancelculture #trump #trump2020 #maga #maga2020",Toxic
Amen. Woke self-righteous leftists are simply ugly humans to the core.,Toxic
"My #libtard brother's response when I posted a few #politcalmemes on my personal page. 
 #LibtardLogic #wakeup #thinkforyourself #SilentNoMore #myvoicematters #silentmajority #DoNotComply #DONOTCONSENT #IDONOTCONSENT",Toxic
"Funny how the union leadership always supports the democraps, but then tells the members to not follow their draconian rules.",Toxic
"History with show tDump is by far the most useless individual to walk the earth. Those who actually support him definitely need help. The World has watch the demise of the once strong and United States. I am thoroughly sickened by the racism, brutality and horrid attitude. Good luck to you all chanting your infantile slogans. Why not band together and build a strong economy, environment and stop the incessant childish behaviour. You all sound like school yard bullies. Petty and childish for grown men and women. Watching from Europe I am disgusted.",Toxic
All the globalist puppets thinking haw they can screw the public over even more under the lies of climate change .when they know it's another new cycle and haw long the extreme weather will last for .. untrustworthy spineless globalist government,Toxic
Do you think it’s possible for this lady to sound more stupid?,Toxic
She's the fat guys in the videos my guy,Toxic
I’m with you on the ridiculousness that Chris brings to the show. Chris is not in a place to call anyone UGLY. He thinks he’s a 10 when he needs to subtract 8. He’s a clown and we’re just gonna go ahead and name him “BOO BOO THE F’N FOOL”.,Toxic
"With all the terrible shit he's done in his life, I would be afraid to die too",Toxic
This is disgusting so tired of listening and hearing of the bowl crap. The 100% vaccinated. Pushing it and pushing it.,Toxic
"Hey Kevin, was this when you were on pedo island?",Toxic
"He is mental, but his supporters are just plain sick!",Toxic
"Typical right wing nut, can't even spell ""numerous"".",Toxic
"Back to your caves ignorant morons , take JESUS WITH YOU.",Toxic
"ACLU has turned far left into Anti Citizen Liberal Union
 Bunch of rotten nitwit$",Toxic
"She's not nuts, it's the ppl that voted her in that are nuts! LET'S GO BRANDON!",Toxic
The meth head lady with the black hoodie needs to STFU,Toxic
doesnt mean they should ruin our economy. People that live in bad parts of the town dont bring the members of a gang to cities. If you try to come illegally you would be shot by me.,Toxic
honestly go fuck yourself piece of shit,Toxic
propaganda fuck you france 24 english,Toxic
I wish the rioters would burn the clinic down,Toxic
F. JOE LIEDON.,Toxic
"Now we all know why Hunter is the way he is. Joe dressed him in girls clothing until 
 he was 20. The crack pipe is THE only thing that eases the pain. LET'S GO BRANDON",Toxic
"His presidency isn't dead, his brain is. It's a Weekend at Bernie's president. FJB! LGB!",Toxic
"Mark Zuckerberg - a JEW HITLER would have loved. It was the mark Zuckerberg that enabled Hitler to turn the whole country against them with a vengeance. Personally, I believe he was severely sexually abused by the crud he called mommy and daddy.",Toxic
Hopefully the arteries clog sooner rather than later. 'Murika,Toxic
"Finally a real first lady, not a transvestite with stolen kids.",Toxic
"200,000,000 American Patriots with 400,000,000 guns are ready to kill ALL non-constitutional persons in U.S. and come after WEF.",Toxic
"Harris, OBiden administration is a disgrace and are TRAITORS to America for their own gain. Trials must be held for these TYRANTS.",Toxic
"CLINTON: THE BIGGEST LYING, DECEITFUL CRIMINAL WITCH THAT HAS BOUGHT THE DEMOCRATS & DESTROYS ANYONE WHO DARES TO GET IN FRONT OF HER. WE ARE SICK OF HER & OBAMA RUNNING AMERICA BY ILLEGAL MEANS & MORE IMPORTANTLY, BY CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES & ACTIONS. LYING EVIL 😈 WENCH. NOT HUMAN; A DEADLY ROBOT IN FLESH & BLOOD WHO EXTERMINATES ANYONE WHO GETS IN HER WAY. SHE NEEDS TO RETIRE & LEAVE AMERICANS ALONE. GREEDY POWER HUNGRY WITCH! SHE DOESN'T NEED A HALLOWEEN COSTUME!",Toxic
OMG cnn is so libtarded.,Toxic
Y’all are dumb as fuck this shit was fake,Toxic
"Nothing says ""iM a SlAvE"" like being payed millions to play a game that we all played for free in our friends backyards. Colin is such a douche.",Toxic
No wonder CAMEL TOE only garnered 2% of the Democrat Primary vote before being kicked to the curb.,Toxic
Kimberly and Daphne a lesbian couple. We don't need more of this in the US.,Toxic
just a group of meth heads bent on breaking things...and getting paid for their next fix,Toxic
That toothless old white woman is a thief! And the damn dog should have been microchipped already!!,Toxic
"Freak parents trying to turn their poor children into freaks like them. Child protective services should remove the kids from them and not only should judge permanently deny then custody, but should make them serve them for their crimes against humanity.",Toxic
Slept her way to the top. Good job Kamala 👏🏾,Toxic
"Let’s send the whole squad to Kabul and just leave them there
 See how long they last 😂",Toxic
He's already brain dead; pull the plug. FJB- he needs to go away.,Toxic
"LET’S GO BRANDON! (aka, ""F@!# JOE BIDEN!"")",Toxic
Ivanka is just icky. An artificially created fembot who sleeps with her father. Does she realize just how bizarre she is?.,Toxic
"The more pigs who quit or die from covid, the safer we'll all be",Toxic
my god? Seriously? I don’t give a fuck about Ethan. I do know crowder talks a big game but turns into a little bitch the second things don’t go his way.,Toxic
Or some of you shit heads could go get a job.....,Toxic
I fucking hate him,Toxic
"This woman has screwed her way to the top , but doesn't have a clue how to do her job .",Toxic
I NEVER thought Biden is a unifier! Let's Go Brandon!!! FJB!!!,Toxic
That's because Kamala Harris knows how to suck a good tube steak to get ahead. Now this is a great topic she can handle. Lol,Toxic
Somebody should have walked up behind this idiot and put him in a sleeper hold little night night time outside the store slumped against the wall wake up with a headache and hopefully a better attitude.,Toxic
"I do not want America to be more brown. If I wanted brown, I would have stayed in India.",Toxic
STFU already you psychopathic nutcase !,Toxic
"🔻👽👁🔻
 ANTI ASIAN and LOVING it!!!",Toxic
"The economy was fine till Joe fuk up got in none of this was going on period, The man shut everything down with his executive orders how many did he sign the very first day the man is fukn moron.",Toxic
Let’s Go Cho Xiden.. straight to the trash,Toxic
so many haters on the internet . dident get what so bad about this video.... i think u just jealous logan paul.... fuck humens,Toxic
"“Bitch, you ain’t takin SHIT, but’choo can DAMN sure take it up with me right here and now”. 
 But see, I don’t have anxiety, and my dog weighs 122 pounds, so . . . . . .",Toxic
Who wants to bet she didn't get a real booster. #HangTheCorruptDemocrats,Toxic
"""I'm a full on rapist... I mean a philanthropist"" 
 
 -Bill Gates",Toxic
"Stop eating so much and exercise, it's super simple fatty!",Toxic
There is no epidemic. It’s people like you that make the hoax real for the rest of the morons,Toxic
absolutely appalling and disgusting shows the true pedophilia within Netflix and in big tech in general you people are evil and you will burn in hell.,Toxic
Biden’s such a p u s s y. I miss Trump. He would have answered.,Toxic
Look at theses pedophiles so happy these type of people are the devil,Toxic
Just use one of those old wire coat hangers.... or maybe the good old fashion thump in the stomach .,Toxic
Soros you antichrist demon you will have a special place in the lake of fire,Toxic
Dumbest woman in the world! She is dangerous with her lies. Some women you know who lies more and dont say yes my wife! But fox take in all loosers because even fox owner lied too much in England so they send the fool back to USA and he cant never come to England. I feel sorry about this womans man because she lie even if he ask how you feeling today,Toxic
He is selling out our country.. he's trying to make leave a legacy .. as he sells our country out.. what a shame what a sham.. Joe you'll go down as the worst ever!!!! Liberalism is truly a mental disorder,Toxic
"I think she thinks the same as most of us. He's a disgusting, repulsive old man.",Toxic
They're pro life pedophiles that need a constant fresh supply of children.,Toxic
Joe Biden will go down besides Obama as the worst freaking president in the United States of America these people are corrupt pedophile individuals that need to be court-martialed treason horse whooped hung.,Toxic
She’s a hypocritical awful horrible disgusting excuse of a human being who slept her way to the “top”,Toxic
this is what a guy who sold his soul to satan looks like,Toxic
This subhuman is a liar. Be gone Billenda we know the truth .,Toxic
You sound like a representative of Satan. 💩,Toxic
She is a Dead Beat Stoner Moron Cackling Idiot. Ashamed she went to school here in Canada.,Toxic
ILLEGITIMATE INCOMPETENT TYRANT TALIBIDEN,Toxic
We can see and feel EVIL in Lauren Boebert'eyes !,Toxic
The only time Joe Biden isn't the dumbest person in the room..... when Kamala is present.,Toxic
y’all he did not just act all quirky and shit😭 “wait we just found a dead body in suicide forest” and the way he was joking about it to. also the fact that the only thing that made him believe that people commit suicide is that there guide told him someone he knew did it like wtf. also what’s calling the police gonna do? like the persons already dead. is that what your gonna do for everyone else? call the police? it’s not gonna do shit. THEN HE SAID IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A FUN VOLG?! WHATS FUN ABOUT GOING INTO A PLACE WHERE PEOPLE FUCKING TOOK THERE OWN LIVES. and it did not take him to just see a dead body to realize suicide is not a joke. also the FUCKING FACT that he was saying shit like “oh people care about you” and shit like that trying to be serious THEN FUCKING JUMPED AROUND LAUGHING AND MAKING JOKES,Toxic
"Lol fucking true
 Pov: Old man rants
 Get fucked Keem enjoy your faze money and hopefully you finally stfu.
 May every creators sleep in peace goes you are gone. 
 Bye you fucking Gnome",Toxic
Plosi is a wrinkled puke corporate liar and the only transformative bill is for the Dems corporate money bribes,Toxic
"Why is trans community ruining everything?' 
 
 either title works.",Toxic
Now you say something! You kook. You fueled the fire exponentially for financial gain and now this! FU Jon Stewart.,Toxic
Her parents are dumb for not aborting,Toxic
#HAHAHAKAMALAGOHANGYOURSELF,Toxic
"I love seeing American citizens so divided, your politics are truly a shitshow",Toxic
"I have names for them too, Gold digging Bitch and Daddy's Squeeze.",Toxic
"Hillary is a loser just like her husband and they need to be in jail where they both belong along with Obama, Biden and the rest of the democratic party.",Toxic
Scotland please take president mr. Potato Head put in a straightjacket and throne in a dungeon. He's yours to keep,Toxic
And while you're running around calling everybody racist that's the least of your worries I don't think it's so much your race as it is your lack of a brain or maybe the fact that I've seen a better-looking head-on farm animals😂😅🤣👋👎,Toxic
I have only one word for people like this. EUTHANASIA!,Toxic
Ugliest family! Grossest family!! Enjoy eating babies,Toxic
"Stupid racist bish.Fck all of you racists, you are not deserved to be even called ""people"".",Toxic
Brandon stopped asking a long time ago. Brandon is now Telling the slaves of his new national plantation,Toxic
How about you fk off with your stupid spider. And btw we don t have them where I live and I will never follow for that shit,Toxic
Look at the lying media giving libtardism the advantage when reality shows the left is incompetent and pathetic,Toxic
"So Steven once again debates someone who he knows he has the upper hand over, but the moment he is faced with a competent debater, he pisses his pants. The man is so weak, his father must be ashamed.",Toxic
"Soros is nothing less than PURE EVIL. . He needs to be ""cancelled"" from this planet",Toxic
Shout out to George Floyd on eighteen months of sobriety. It took some tough love but he did it. Say his name liberals,Toxic
If this doesn’t included her ingesting Cyanide at the end of this video it has all been a waste.,Toxic
"F Ted. Use him for what he is good for - which may be considerable. But in the end not enough. 
 Where does he stand on forced vaccination?
 Where does he stand on Jan 6th ?
 He imagined he would be the next President. 
 If he could just get rid of trump. He had an entire speech already prepared Jan 6th condemning over 100,000 VOTERS in PEACEFUL PROTEST. All prepared. While hiding under his desk and trembling in fear?
 Give me a break.
 While he would be far better than biden he is basically a POS.
 His constituents lost electricity and had no heat. So he went to a warm island with his fam - the only people who really mattered - and invited his neighbors for entertainment. I don't think they even went. Why should we?
 Watch this guy closely. He is good ay a lot but definitely inferior than the average hoe. We deserve better",Toxic
"Blacks are more racist than whites! Their kids, if they know them, are taught racism from day 1. That’s a fact jack! To say you can’t be racist is the dumbest statement EVER! Big surprise!",Toxic
"Niki minaj wears chun-li dress : wow what a cool performance
 Jay park makes dread hair : dont mocking our culture a-hole
 The most selfish species in the world. It looks disgusting",Toxic
"holy shit, its actually ironically funny now that this shit is fun to gawk at these dumbasses",Toxic
"And to think that years ago I liked A. Cooper, he's really an a-hole!",Toxic
Why can't we have intelligent black people on TV?,Toxic
Joe Biden and his staff are liars and murderers and it's a time that the American people did something about this administration serious,Toxic
This supposed VP is clueless outside of knowing how to sleep her way up the ladder. Just ask Willie Brown as he promoted and poled her based on her true qualities.,Toxic
You're talking about fu@ker Carlson right?,Toxic
BOYCOTT CORRUPT RACIST CRIMINALLY INSANE FASCIST ELITIST DEMOCRATS!!!!! SORRY WE EVER WERE DEMOCRATS!!!!! LETS GO BRANDON!!!!!,Toxic
wow the she-it that sat down is such an a$$ hat,Toxic
What’s “the big lie”? I keep hearing CNN lizard people talking about it but they never indicate what big lie it is. Any of you lefty zealot fruitcakes able to explain it to me?,Toxic
This is the proof that. Money can do anything Fczking pedos,Toxic
"The entire Baldwins are just messy af. Hilaria the scam/con artist from Spain, Alec the negligent murderer, Hailey the racist 304 who broke jelena apart posing as their fan, Ireland being abusive and disrespectful to politician Candace Owens. They all get passes for being white. I bet you if they were truly minorities they would all be in big trouble and jail for their messy actions.",Toxic
Up yours Brandon.,Toxic
"Damn fresh ass cut , 
 Truth is the Step dad can't TAG FOR SHIT ,
 The Counselor was actually a rival from 803 krew and saw that shit and was Like Hell nah Fuck 308 and Capped the Piece. He won't allow Toys in his school,and 
 The White out to fill in the 3D fx for the letters was toy too
 AND THAT LADIES AND GENTLEMEN IS WHY ZIGZAG FROM 803 KREW CAPPED THAT WEAK ASS SPOT ON LIL FOO'S CAVESA",Toxic
"FOCH DemoCraps!!! ""LET'S GO BRANDON""",Toxic
Fake news CNN at it again. FJB TRUMP 2024. CNN is all bout TRANSSEXUALISM of CHILDREN and Murdering BABIES. Tomahawk Chop CNN from existence.,Toxic
"You don't fool me. Bill gates is a demon. This is the same man flying around with epstein. They manufactured the pandemic, lockdowns and soon an app that will track you at all times. This man needs to be in jail.",Toxic
"We got a dementia patient & the Joker running the United States, but at least she’s female & POC right? 😁 😏",Toxic
Way to lick rich ass Joe! You are a good little eunuch. You are a disgrace. Two assholes holding the whole Democratic Party hostage. Shoulda gone with Bernie.,Toxic
Never imagined that a jihadist would be allowed into our government.,Toxic
her tears are my joy..the more pain she is in the better,Toxic
"the boy says black on white hate crimes. lol. little boy, play time has been over. your people own the patent on hate crime and terrorism. there is no fake numbers or pseudoscience that can hide that truth. the only ones who can't see it are deliberate or unfortunate fools like yourself. no matter how many times you repeat the lie, it will still be a lie and the world knows it. it's in everybody's history and current world events. you're only fooling yourselves and your poor pups who haven't learned that you can't be trusted yet. we learn who you are at a very young age. your people teach us lies when the truth is obvious so you're not even good liars. lol. the truth is not hidden. it's written by many hands of many nations and people including yours. now it's time for you to catch up. stop holding on to your childish fairytales of imagined superiority and innocence. you were always the savages. you pointed your fingers at others who taught you and educated you while every great thing you claimed was stolen from those you looked down on. you only destroy and kill and the world will always be shit as long as you have any control over it. anyone with eyes can see that truth. war, pollution, and corruption all fall at your feet and the day is coming in which you will be judged. you will pay the price for your actions. funny thing is you set the level of your own punishment by the way you have treated those you hate. you are showing the world how to purge itself of your doings. you say peace but you only recognize bloodshed and war. well you're outnumbered by millions and you're exposing yourselves as the unapologetic enemy to all people who want peace and prosperity in the world. keep it up. i love it! the more you talk, the closer it gets. say something hateful and racist now so it can be even more obvious. let's speed up the process. lol",Toxic
"When some jerk asserts that Diaper Don, the Tangerine Terdbucket won just ask them if 74 is a larger number than 81.",Toxic
"Not only need to be fired, they need to be banned from working in any type of law enforcement...""RIGHT ON TO THA REAL ! DEATH TO THA FAKER'S ! !"" -Big Rube",Toxic
I think it's important that Sinema is showing us even a bisexual woman in a colorful wig can be a money grubbing piece of garbage.,Toxic
Why waste your resources on this rotten intestinal wall we call a v.p,Toxic
"When he was having these “dinners”, were 13 year old kids on the menu???",Toxic
Then u better call it that or those 2 commies r coming for u 🤦 give me a break its more like the moron administration not Biden /Harris... Let's go Brandon... Fjb!!!,Toxic
